log:Base Water: unit created
log:Base Fire: unit created
log:Create field,  Width - 20,  Height - 10
log:Create Base Water: health - 999, gold - 500
log:Create Base Fire: health - 999, gold - 500
log:Player Command - Move Down
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Down
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Down
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Down
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Down
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Right
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Right
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Right
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Right
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Right
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Right
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Right
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Right
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Right
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Right
log:Unit 1: intercat with Swamp
log:Unit 1: current stamina - 8
log:Unit 1: current attack - 150
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Right
log:Unit 1: intercat with Swamp
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Right
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: current stamina - 8
log:Unit 1: current attack - 150
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Right
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Right
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Attack target 17,7
log:Unit 1 has been killed
log:Player Command - Move Up
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Up
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Create Cuirassiers
log:Base Fire: unit created
log:Player Command - Move Down
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Down
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Attack target 17,7
log:Unit 1 has been killed
log:Player Command - Move Up
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Up
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Up
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Up
log:Unit 1: intercat with Forest
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Up
log:Unit 1: intercat with Forest
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Left
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Left
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Left
log:Unit 1: intercat with River
log:Unit 1: current stamina - 8
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Down
log:Unit 1: intercat with River
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Down
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: current stamina - 8
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Down
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Down
log:Unit 1: intercat with Swamp
log:Unit 1: current stamina - 8
log:Unit 1: current attack - 150
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Down
log:Unit 1: intercat with Swamp
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Down
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: current stamina - 8
log:Unit 1: current attack - 150
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Down
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Left
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Left
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Left
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Left
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Left
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Left
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Left
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with 
log:Player Command - Move Left
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with Gold
log:Base Water: current gold - 712
log:Player Command - Move Left
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with Curse
log:Unit 1: current armor - 50
log:Player Command - Move Left
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with Rune
log:Unit 1: current armor - 50
log:Player Command - Move Left
log:Unit 1: intercat with Meadow
log:Unit 1: intercat with Trap
log:Unit 1: current number - 2
